
Goal - I want to be remembered for creating a new understanding  of the human brain and thereby helping the scientific community understand how memories, thoughts, and decisions are processes, which may also enable the medical community to treat neural disorders.




Irrespective of our academic background, we all have a curious scientific mind that seeks to understand the "why and how" of everything. Knowing something is one thing, but understanding how it can be useful in our lives increases the chances of applying it practically.I inquire about a lot of stuff. But the most out of those is the human brain. In one of my math tests I did not perform that well, even though i revised the questions and studied the test the night before. The day i took the test i forgot most of the questions but i could only recall the questions after the test. That proves that the answers were there in my memory but i could not recall it while doing the test when it was most required. Now why did that happen? And that experience has me thinking about a lot of stuff . How do we memorize things?, how do we forget things?, how does our brain work?, how memories are created? This makes me wondering about the human brain and our whole body, And to find answers to these questions, i dove into books, documentaries, and online resources.As a student, think how wonderful it would be if we could remember everything that is taught in the class and recall it efficently during in an exam. After i soaked all the information, i learned techniques to memorize things, and i also got all the answers to my questions, and i also found out we can train our memory with differnt memory techniques as we have all been gifted with a wonderful machine  called the BRAIN which has the capacity to store infinite information and this capacity is almost the same for everyone.In school, we learn about various subjects, but the one important subject is missing, the brain,with the help of which we can learn other subjects. Our brain is the greatest part of the human body and can store infinite amounts of information and it helps us learn about other subjects. I want to raise awarness about the mighty organ of our body, the brain. The digital world is trying to mimic the potential of our brains by developing artifical intelligence. But i feel like the power of our brains increase everyday exponentially  and it can hold so much information.
In conclusion, whether unraveling the mysteries of memory, exploring programming and math, or learning life-saving skills, each investigation helps me learn a lot. 
Inquiring about things not only deepens my understanding but also intensifies my passion for learning. As I continue to learn, my excitement will drive me to discover and understand even more about the world.
 